Your Highness
You're finally awake
Where is this?
You have been sleeping in Baihua Building for two hours
Wake up the bar
brothel
I have passed through
If I were him, I wouldn't marry that princess
Be an idle prince
Beautiful women surround and have a good time
Dream come true
Your Highness, you have made an engagement with the princess
Your Majesty can say
If I find you browsing brothels again
But it will be sent to the frontier as a soldier
It's a good show, what a quatrains
The huge man is worthy of being the imperial gift poet
Tonight, this oarui must belong to you.
What are you doing?
Tonight, is it the rosary feast king mouse?
The best poetry
You can also spend a good night with the oiran
Wow, as expected of the brilliance
It's beautiful. How difficult is that?
Come get the pen
It's over. It's over.
Your Highness can't even recognize his words
Where did you get the ability to write poetry?
I wish to be a flywing bird in heaven
On the ground, I wish to be Lianlizhi Temple
You wait for me.
son
Listen upstairs
It's time for the son to return to the palace
No way.
I have to exercise my right to win
Fair happy
You are engaged to my daughter
How dare you try to get married in a brothel?
I'll kill you.